Setup a Start9 Node

1. Go to Start9.com, click on "Docs," then click on DIY Guide and finally, click
   on "DIY x86"
2. Scroll down and click on Flashing (x86)
  a. Right click on the link to the Github release page, and open it in a new tab
  b. In the new tab, download the "x86_64.iso" file by clicking on it
    i. In this demo we will skip the checksum verification
  c. Scroll down and right click on the link to download balenaEtcher and open it
     in a new tab
    i. Click on "Download Etcher" and then click on the download link for "ETCHER
       FOR WINDOWS (X86|X64) (INSTALLER)"
3. Navigate to your downloads and run the balenaEtcher Installer
  a. Perform a default installation
4. Plug in empty USB Drive
5. In balenaEtcher Click "Flash from File" and select the "x86_64.iso" you just 
   downloaded, then Click "Select target" and select the USB drive you plugged in,
   Then Click "Flash!"
  a. Click allow if prompted by Windows
6. After this completes, you may remove the newly flashed drive from your computer,
   and insert it into the computer you intend to install StartOS onto
7. Turn on the computer you intend to install StartOS onto and press F9 continuously
   until the boot menu appears (note this step will be different for every computer)
  a. select the USB drive
8. Click on the disk to install StartOS on (only option) and then click "Install 
   StartOS (Will delete existing data on disk), then Click "Continue"
  a. Once Installed, Click "Reboot" and remove the USB drive
9. Upon restart, click "Start Fresh" and Click on the disk to install StartOS on
   (only option)
  a. Type in a Password, retype it, and then write it down on a piece of paper then 
     Click Next
10. Click "Continue to Login" and type your password
11. In StartOS, Click on "System" and Click on "About" and Check your IPv4 IP 
    Address
12. On your laptop, open a browser and type in the IP address of your Start9 Node
  a. Under "Download your server's Root CA" click "Download" (and click "Keep" if
     prompted)
  b





